1. Which do you think is better for the university? To build a library, or to build a gym?
2. A school's success depends on whether the school has many textbooks or not.
3. For artists and musicians, which do you think is more important? Talent or hard work?
4. If there are two apartments, one with strict rules and the other one without any strict rule, which do you prefer to live in?
5. Some people prefer a job which deals with the same tasks every day; others prefer a job that deals with many different tasks, which one do you prefer?
6. Some people prefer to keep a busy schedule and participate in a number of activities; others prefer to have a lot of free time, which one do you prefer?
7. What is your favorite place to study?
8. What kind of house would you like to live in, old one or new one?
1. When going on a vacation some people prefer to go camping in tents, others prefer to stay in hotels. Which one do you prefer?
2. When you have problems, would you ask people for help or search for answers on the internet yourself?
3. Do you like to spend most of your free time with friends or rather alone?
4. In what way would you choose to spend the New Year’s Eve? To stay home, to go out with friends, or to join a house party?
5. Some people enjoy taking risks and trying new things. Others are not adventurous; they are cautious and prefer to avoid danger. Which behavior do you think is better?
1. Advertisements have too much influence on what people buy. A/D?
2. Do you like to have a relaxed and unhurried life? Y/N?
3. Do you prefer a job that would require you to work with others in a group? Y/N?
4. Families have the biggest influence on young adults. A/D?
5. Some college students like to spend their free time studying, others like to join a club. Which one are you?
6. Some people go to the gym and work out everyday, others go only when they have free time. Which one would you like to be?
1. If you were convicted of a murder, would you prefer the death sentence or life in prison?
2. Should parents be allowed to choose the sex of their child ahead of time?
3. An airline had a somewhat abstract painting of Picasso of a nude woman on a wall at an airport and some people complained that it should be taken down. What do you think?
4. Is it better to save your money or to spend it as soon as you get it?
5. Should a person shower the night before work or in the morning?
6. When a man takes a woman to dinner, should he pay or should they go "dutch"? (Each pays for him/herself.)
7. Do you prefer reading e-books or real books?
8. Describe something you do during your favorite season.
9. Which is better to lose weight: dieting or exercising?
10. Which is better for a history class: online or classroom learning?
11. Children should start school before the age of 5 or 6. A/D?
12. Do you think it is a good idea that students evaluate professors at the end of the semester?
13. During the summer vacation, some students stay at school and study, others take a job or relax. Which one do you think is best?
14. Gifts made by people themselves are more meaningful than the gifts bought from a store. A/D?
15. If you had a chance to go to the moon, would you go? Why or why not?
16. If you had many assignments, do you prefer spending more time on them or working with friends?
17. School is now prohibiting students from bringing laptops to class, do you think it is a good idea?
18. Some people like to spend their free time with a group of friends. Others like to spend their free time with just one friend at a time. Which do you prefer?
19. Do you prefer doing exercises outdoors or indoors?
20. What would you build if you have a piece of land, a park or a library?
21. When watching films or TV, do you think everyone should stay quiet until the end of the show, or it is okay to share and discuss during the show?
22. Would you like to travel in a city, or all over the country?
23. Your university will sponsor one of the following activities for students. Which do you think is the best way to establish friendship among students? An outdoor camping event, a music festival or a computer game competition?
24. Do you think it is more efficient to study in a group?
25. College education is more important in the modern society than it was in the past.
26. Do you like to give gifts to others that are practical or just entertaining?
27. If you had a chance to teach a class in the community, which of the following would you choose? Photography, how to start a small business, or public speaking
28. Some universities have decided to force students who cheat on their tests to leave the school. Do you think it is a good idea?
29. When it comes to decision making, do you prefer to consider a lot of other people’s ideas, or make the decision entirely on your own
30. Do you agree or disagree? Protecting the environment is as important as economical development for a country.
31. If you were admitted to two colleges at the same time, one is famous but the tuition fee is expensive, the other one is not famous but provides you with a scholarship, which would you choose and why?
32. In your opinion, do new technologies such as the computer help you learn better, why?
33. Which do you prefer, to have a big family or a small family, why?
34. Which do you prefer, to live in an old house, or a new one, why?
35. Which do you think is more important. The result, or the process?
36. Which of the following kind of students do you think the university should reward, students that does volunteer work, athletes that won sport contests, or students with good grades?
37. Which do you prefer, to be graded by group projects, or individual assignments?
38. Your university plans to restrict the use of the Internet to research only and to no longer allow access to personal e-mail and social media Web sites on library computers. Do you think this is a good idea? Explain why or why not.
39. Some universities expect the students to choose a major field of study when they enter the school; while other universities wait until the second or the third year before students deciding to choose a a major field of study. Which do you prefer? Why or why not?
40. You live in a crowded city with only one green space—the city park. The government recently proposes to build a housing complex on this only green space. Do you think this is a good idea?
41. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? With the popularity of the technology that focuses on entertainment, people read fewer books than before.
42. Some professors prefer to give regular quizzes. Some prefer to give surprising quizzes. Please talk about the advantages and/or disadvantages of surprising quizzes.
43. Some people think with the development of technology and Internet, libraries will eventually disappear; however, others think libraries are always necessary. Which do you agree, and please give specific details to support your opinion.
44. Your university is planning to film all large lecture classes and put them on the university websites. Do you agree or disagree with this plan and why? 
45. Traditionally, universities hold exams in the class. But recently some universities allow students to take exams at home. Talk about its advantages or/and disadvantages. Give specific reasons to support your answer.